docs/add_string_dataset_record_async.md, before:

# add_string_dataset_record_async.py
This sample creates a dataset comprising string records
if one does not exist and adds a record to the dataset.
The sample uses async methods to commit a dataset and records
and illustrates async operation using asyncio.

## Summary
A set is a collection of objects.
A named set of data records is a dataset.
Such datasets can implement any point-in-time (PIT) or bitemporal data
and prove this provenance to third parties.
The sample demonstrates the higher-order async vBase dataset and string record abstractions
that hide the details of the object and record content id (CID) calculation (hashing).
This example builds on the add_string_dataset_record.py code and
illustrates async methods.

## Detailed Description:

- Create a vBase object using a Web3 HTTP commitment service.
The commitment service is a smart contract running on a blockchain.
The initialization uses connection parameters specified in environment variables:
    ```python
    vbc = VBaseClient.create_instance_from_env()
    ```

- Create the test dataset asynchronously.
This factory method constructs a `VBaseDatasetAsync` object
using the `asyncio` event loop.
Arguments and mechanics are similar to those of `VBaseDataset` object creation.
    ```python
    VBaseDatasetAsync.create(vbc, name=SET_NAME, record_type=VBaseStringObject)
    ```

- Add string record to the dataset asynchronously.
This method makes an object commitment using the `asyncio` event loop.
Arguments and mechanics are similar to those of `ds.add_record()` call:
    ```python
    ds.add_record_async("TestRecord")
    ```

- Verify that a given set commitment exists for a given user.
This will typically be called by the data consumer to verify
a producer's claims about dataset provenance:
    ```python
    assert ds.verify_commitments()[0]
    ```

Commit message:

Updates to docs title and heading to work with docs build and publication

docs/add_string_dataset_record_async.md, after:

----
title: Add a String Record to a Dataset Asynchronously
----

<!-- omit in toc -->
# Add a String Record to a Dataset Asynchronously

This sample creates a dataset comprising string records
if one does not exist and adds a record to the dataset.
The sample uses async methods to commit a dataset and records
and illustrates async operation using asyncio.

You can find the implementation in [`add_string_dataset_record_async.py`](https://github.com/validityBase/vbase-py-samples/blob/main/samples/add_string_dataset_record_async.py).

## Summary

A set is a collection of objects.
A named set of data records is a dataset.
Such datasets can implement any point-in-time (PIT) or bitemporal data
and prove this provenance to third parties.
The sample demonstrates the higher-order async vBase dataset and string record abstractions
that hide the details of the object and record content id (CID) calculation (hashing).
This example builds on the add_string_dataset_record.py code and
illustrates async methods.

## Detailed Description:

- Create a vBase object using a Web3 HTTP commitment service.
The commitment service is a smart contract running on a blockchain.
The initialization uses connection parameters specified in environment variables:
    ```python
    vbc = VBaseClient.create_instance_from_env()
    ```

- Create the test dataset asynchronously.
This factory method constructs a `VBaseDatasetAsync` object
using the `asyncio` event loop.
Arguments and mechanics are similar to those of `VBaseDataset` object creation.
    ```python
    VBaseDatasetAsync.create(vbc, name=SET_NAME, record_type=VBaseStringObject)
    ```

- Add string record to the dataset asynchronously.
This method makes an object commitment using the `asyncio` event loop.
Arguments and mechanics are similar to those of `ds.add_record()` call:
    ```python
    ds.add_record_async("TestRecord")
    ```

- Verify that a given set commitment exists for a given user.
This will typically be called by the data consumer to verify
a producer's claims about dataset provenance:
    ```python
    assert ds.verify_commitments()[0]
    ```
