docs/restore_dataset_provenance.md, before:

# restore_dataset_provenance.py
This sample illustrates how a dataset producer can create a dataset
and how the provenance of the dataset can be restored
after loss during copying or other transformations.

## Summary

When digital objects are copied across physical media, across cloud environments,
and within a cloud environment, they typically lose provenance information
such as last modified time.
This can lead to severe problems in cases where the timestamps are critical provenance metadata.
For example:
- When security logs are copied, modifications and tampering may not be detectable.
- When financial datasets are copied, their revision timestamps are lost.
- Point-in-time and bitemporal data lose the revision timestamps.

This sample illustrates how such timestamps can be restored for vBase datasets
after the underlying digital objects are copied to a new AWS S3 bucket.

## Detailed Description

- A `.env` file defines the following environment variables
for accessing AWS S3 service and vBase services:
    ```shell
    # Forwarder config
    # vBase test forwarder URL
    VBASE_FORWARDER_URL="https://test.api.vbase.com/forwarder/"
    # vBaseTest API key
    VBASE_API_KEY="YOUR_VBASE_API_KEY"

    # Private key for making commitments
    VBASE_COMMITMENT_SERVICE_PRIVATE_KEY="YOUR_VBASE_COMMITMENT_SERVICE_PRIVATE_KEY"

    # AWS Configuration
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="YOUR_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID"
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="YOUR_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY"
    ```

- Create a vBase client object using connection parameters specified in environment variables:
    ```python
    vbc = VBaseClient.create_instance_from_env()
    ```

- Create an AWS S3 client object using connection parameters specified in environment variables:
    ```python
    boto_client = create_s3_client_from_env()
    ```

- Create the test dataset.
If this is a new dataset,
this operation records that the user with the above VBASE_COMMITMENT_SERVICE_PRIVATE_KEY
has created the named dataset.
Dataset creation is idempotent.
If this is an existing dataset, the call is ignored.
Such commitments are used to validate that a given collection of user datasets is complete
and mitigates Sybil attacks (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sybil_attack).
    ```python
    ds = VBaseDataset(vbc, SET_NAME, VBaseIntObject)
    ```

- Add a record to the dataset.
Records an object commitment for a set record.
A set record commitment establishes that a dataset record with a given CID
has existed at a given time for a given set.
    ```python
    vbase_receipt = ds.add_record(i)
    ```

- Verify that a given set commitment exists for a given user.
This will typically be called by the data consumer to verify
a producer's claims about dataset provenance.
    ```python
    assert ds.verify_commitments()[0]
    ```

- Copy a folder to another folder.
This could also be a copy to a different bucket,
or a different storage.
    ```python
    copy_s3_bucket(
        boto_client=boto_client,
        source_bucket_name=BUCKET_NAME,
        source_folder_name=FOLDER_NAME,
        destination_bucket_name=BUCKET_NAME,
        destination_folder_name=COPY_FOLDER_NAME,
    )
    ```

- Create a vBase dataset using the copied objects.
These objects have lost the original timestamps.
    ```python
    ds_copy = VBaseDataset(vbc, SET_NAME, VBaseIntObject)
    # Load all objects into the dataset.
    ds_copy = init_vbase_dataset_from_s3_objects(
        ds_copy, boto_client, BUCKET_NAME, COPY_FOLDER_NAME
    )
    ```

- Attempt to verify the copied objects.
Since these have lost the timestamps and the original provenance information,
the checks will fail:
    ```python
    success, l_log = ds_copy.verify_commitments()
    assert not success
    print("Verification log:")
    for log in l_log:
        print(log)
    ```

- Fix the record timestamps using the vBase commitment information
and verify the corrected provenance data:
    ```python
    # Fix the timestamps.
    assert ds_copy.try_restore_timestamps_from_index()[0]

    print("Dataset fixed:")
    pprint.pprint(ds_copy.to_pd_object())

    # Verify the records again.
    assert ds_copy.verify_commitments()[0]
    ```

Commit message:

Updates to docs title and heading to work with docs build and publication

docs/restore_dataset_provenance.md, after:

----
title: Restore Dataset Provenance
----

<!-- omit in toc -->
# Restore Dataset Provenance

This sample illustrates how a dataset producer can create a dataset
and how the provenance of the dataset can be restored
after loss during copying or other transformations.

You can find the implementation in [`restore_dataset_provenance.py`](https://github.com/validityBase/vbase-py-samples/blob/main/samples/restore_dataset_provenance.py).

## Summary

When digital objects are copied across physical media, across cloud environments,
and within a cloud environment, they typically lose provenance information
such as last modified time.
This can lead to severe problems in cases where the timestamps are critical provenance metadata.
For example:
- When security logs are copied, modifications and tampering may not be detectable.
- When financial datasets are copied, their revision timestamps are lost.
- Point-in-time and bitemporal data lose the revision timestamps.

This sample illustrates how such timestamps can be restored for vBase datasets
after the underlying digital objects are copied to a new AWS S3 bucket.

## Detailed Description

- A `.env` file defines the following environment variables
for accessing AWS S3 service and vBase services:
    ```shell
    # Forwarder config
    # vBase test forwarder URL
    VBASE_FORWARDER_URL="https://test.api.vbase.com/forwarder/"
    # vBaseTest API key
    VBASE_API_KEY="YOUR_VBASE_API_KEY"

    # Private key for making commitments
    VBASE_COMMITMENT_SERVICE_PRIVATE_KEY="YOUR_VBASE_COMMITMENT_SERVICE_PRIVATE_KEY"

    # AWS Configuration
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="YOUR_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID"
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="YOUR_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY"
    ```

- Create a vBase client object using connection parameters specified in environment variables:
    ```python
    vbc = VBaseClient.create_instance_from_env()
    ```

- Create an AWS S3 client object using connection parameters specified in environment variables:
    ```python
    boto_client = create_s3_client_from_env()
    ```

- Create the test dataset.
If this is a new dataset,
this operation records that the user with the above VBASE_COMMITMENT_SERVICE_PRIVATE_KEY
has created the named dataset.
Dataset creation is idempotent.
If this is an existing dataset, the call is ignored.
Such commitments are used to validate that a given collection of user datasets is complete
and mitigates Sybil attacks (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sybil_attack).
    ```python
    ds = VBaseDataset(vbc, SET_NAME, VBaseIntObject)
    ```

- Add a record to the dataset.
Records an object commitment for a set record.
A set record commitment establishes that a dataset record with a given CID
has existed at a given time for a given set.
    ```python
    vbase_receipt = ds.add_record(i)
    ```

- Verify that a given set commitment exists for a given user.
This will typically be called by the data consumer to verify
a producer's claims about dataset provenance.
    ```python
    assert ds.verify_commitments()[0]
    ```

- Copy a folder to another folder.
This could also be a copy to a different bucket,
or a different storage.
    ```python
    copy_s3_bucket(
        boto_client=boto_client,
        source_bucket_name=BUCKET_NAME,
        source_folder_name=FOLDER_NAME,
        destination_bucket_name=BUCKET_NAME,
        destination_folder_name=COPY_FOLDER_NAME,
    )
    ```

- Create a vBase dataset using the copied objects.
These objects have lost the original timestamps.
    ```python
    ds_copy = VBaseDataset(vbc, SET_NAME, VBaseIntObject)
    # Load all objects into the dataset.
    ds_copy = init_vbase_dataset_from_s3_objects(
        ds_copy, boto_client, BUCKET_NAME, COPY_FOLDER_NAME
    )
    ```

- Attempt to verify the copied objects.
Since these have lost the timestamps and the original provenance information,
the checks will fail:
    ```python
    success, l_log = ds_copy.verify_commitments()
    assert not success
    print("Verification log:")
    for log in l_log:
        print(log)
    ```

- Fix the record timestamps using the vBase commitment information
and verify the corrected provenance data:
    ```python
    # Fix the timestamps.
    assert ds_copy.try_restore_timestamps_from_index()[0]

    print("Dataset fixed:")
    pprint.pprint(ds_copy.to_pd_object())

    # Verify the records again.
    assert ds_copy.verify_commitments()[0]
    ```
