docs/stamp_interactive_brokers_portfolio.md, before:

---
stamp_interactive_brokers_portfolio.py
---

This sample illustrates how to retrieve, save, and stamp an Interactive Brokers (IB) portfolio.

The sample can be run from the command line interactively or as a script if your environment is set appropriately.

The sample will run the **Interactive Brokers (IB) Client Portal Gateway** on your Windows computer and make a request to it using the Web API from Python.

- [1. Prerequisites](#1-prerequisites)
- [2. Download and Install Client Portal Gateway](#2-download-and-install-client-portal-gateway)
- [3. Set Environment Variables](#3-set-environment-variables)
- [4. Run the Sample](#4-run-the-sample)

## 1. Prerequisites

1. **Interactive Brokers Account**: You must have an IB account (live or paper trading).
2. **Python**: Ensure Python is installed on your Windows machine.
3. **vBase**: Follow the [vBase Windows Guide](windows_guide.md) to set up Windows environment to run vBase samples.

## 2. Download and Install Client Portal Gateway

Interactive Brokers provides the **Client Portal Gateway** as a lightweight API gateway for accessing account data via a Web API. Follow these steps to download and run the gateway:

1. **Download the Client Portal Gateway**:
   - Visit the official [Client Portal Gateway page](https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=50462) and download the latest **Client Portal Gateway** for Windows.
   - Alternatively, you can access the latest **Client Portal Gateway** directly from the [IBKR GitHub Repository](https://github.com/InteractiveBrokers/clientportal.gw).

2. **Extract the ZIP File**:
   - After downloading the Client Portal Gateway ZIP file, extract it to a folder on your machine (e.g., `C:\IBClientPortalGateway`).

3. **Run the Gateway**:
   - At the Command Line, run:
   ```
   cd \\path\\to\\clientportal\\clientportal.gw
   bin\\run.bat root\\conf.yaml
   ```

4. **Authenticate to the Gateway**:
   - Open the client portal in a browser:
   ```
   https://localhost:5000/
   ```
   You may need to ignore security warnings and accept the self-signed certificate in your browser.
   - Login to the client portal with your IB credentials.
   - You should see the "Client login succeeds" message.
   - Once the gateway is running, it provides a Web API that requires authentication via the session token returned during the login process. The gateway will keep running in the background.

## 3. Set Environment Variables

Set the following environment variables for your IB and vBase configuration:
   - IB Configuration:
     - `IB_ACCOUNT_ID` - The IB account id.
   - AWS S3 Configuration (Optional if you save the portfolio data elsewhere):
     - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` - The Access Key used to connect to the S3 service.
     - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` - The Secret Key used to connect to the S3 service.
     - `AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME` - The AWS S3 bucket name used to store the portfolio data.
   - vBase Configuration:
     - `VBASE_FORWARDER_URL` - vBase Forwarder Service URL:
       - https://dev.api.vbase.com/forwarder/ for development/testnet.
       - https://api.vbase.com/forwarder/ for production.
     - `VBASE_API_KEY` - The vBase API Key used to access the Forwarder service.
     - `VBASE_COMMITMENT_SERVICE_PRIVATE_KEY` - The private key used to sign portfolio stamps.
     - `VBASE_DATASET_NAME` - The name of the vBase dataset that will hold the portfolio history.

## 4. Run the Sample

Run the sample from the command line:
   ```bash
   python3 stamp_interactive_brokers_portfolio.py
   ```
or walk through the sample in an interactive window.

Commit message:

Updates to docs title and heading to work with docs build and publication

docs/stamp_interactive_brokers_portfolio.md, after:

---
title: Stamp Interactive Brokers Portfolio
---

<!-- omit in toc -->
# Stamp Interactive Brokers Portfolio

This sample illustrates how to retrieve, save, and stamp an Interactive Brokers (IB) portfolio.

The sample can be run from the command line interactively or as a script if your environment is set appropriately.

The sample will run the **Interactive Brokers (IB) Client Portal Gateway** on your Windows computer and make a request to it using the Web API from Python.

You can find the implementation in [`stamp_interactive_brokers_portfolio.py`](https://github.com/validityBase/vbase-py-samples/blob/main/samples/stamp_interactive_brokers_portfolio.py).

- [1. Prerequisites](#1-prerequisites)
- [2. Download and Install Client Portal Gateway](#2-download-and-install-client-portal-gateway)
- [3. Set Environment Variables](#3-set-environment-variables)
- [4. Run the Sample](#4-run-the-sample)

## 1. Prerequisites

1. **Interactive Brokers Account**: You must have an IB account (live or paper trading).
2. **Python**: Ensure Python is installed on your Windows machine.
3. **vBase**: Follow the [vBase Windows Guide](windows_guide.md) to set up Windows environment to run vBase samples.

## 2. Download and Install Client Portal Gateway

Interactive Brokers provides the **Client Portal Gateway** as a lightweight API gateway for accessing account data via a Web API. Follow these steps to download and run the gateway:

1. **Download the Client Portal Gateway**:
   - Visit the official [Client Portal Gateway page](https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=50462) and download the latest **Client Portal Gateway** for Windows.
   - Alternatively, you can access the latest **Client Portal Gateway** directly from the [IBKR GitHub Repository](https://github.com/InteractiveBrokers/clientportal.gw).

2. **Extract the ZIP File**:
   - After downloading the Client Portal Gateway ZIP file, extract it to a folder on your machine (e.g., `C:\IBClientPortalGateway`).

3. **Run the Gateway**:
   - At the Command Line, run:
   ```
   cd \\path\\to\\clientportal\\clientportal.gw
   bin\\run.bat root\\conf.yaml
   ```

4. **Authenticate to the Gateway**:
   - Open the client portal in a browser:
   ```
   https://localhost:5000/
   ```
   You may need to ignore security warnings and accept the self-signed certificate in your browser.
   - Login to the client portal with your IB credentials.
   - You should see the "Client login succeeds" message.
   - Once the gateway is running, it provides a Web API that requires authentication via the session token returned during the login process. The gateway will keep running in the background.

## 3. Set Environment Variables

Set the following environment variables for your IB and vBase configuration:
   - IB Configuration:
     - `IB_ACCOUNT_ID` - The IB account id.
   - AWS S3 Configuration (Optional if you save the portfolio data elsewhere):
     - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` - The Access Key used to connect to the S3 service.
     - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` - The Secret Key used to connect to the S3 service.
     - `AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME` - The AWS S3 bucket name used to store the portfolio data.
   - vBase Configuration:
     - `VBASE_FORWARDER_URL` - vBase Forwarder Service URL:
       - https://dev.api.vbase.com/forwarder/ for development/testnet.
       - https://api.vbase.com/forwarder/ for production.
     - `VBASE_API_KEY` - The vBase API Key used to access the Forwarder service.
     - `VBASE_COMMITMENT_SERVICE_PRIVATE_KEY` - The private key used to sign portfolio stamps.
     - `VBASE_DATASET_NAME` - The name of the vBase dataset that will hold the portfolio history.

## 4. Run the Sample

Run the sample from the command line:
   ```bash
   python3 stamp_interactive_brokers_portfolio.py
   ```
or walk through the sample in an interactive window.
