docs/stamp_alpaca_portfolio.md, before:

---
stamp_alpaca_portfolio.py
---

This sample illustrates how to retrieve, save, and stamp an Alpaca portfolio.

The sample can be run from the command line interactively or as a script if your environment is set appropriately.

- [1. Prerequisites](#1-prerequisites)
- [2. (Optional) Sign Up for an Alpaca Account](#2-optional-sign-up-for-an-alpaca-account)
- [3. (Optional) Enable Paper Trading](#3-optional-enable-paper-trading)
- [4. Obtain Your API Keys](#4-obtain-your-api-keys)
- [5. Set Environment Variables](#5-set-environment-variables)
- [6. Run the Sample](#6-run-the-sample)

## 1. Prerequisites

1. **Alpaca Account**: You must have an Alpaca account (live or paper trading).
2. **Python**: Ensure Python is installed on your Windows machine.
3. **vBase**: Follow the [vBase Windows Guide](windows_guide.md) to set up Windows environment to run vBase samples.
4. **Alpaca Python SDK**: Alpaca provides a Python SDK to simplify accessing their API.
    To install the SDK, open your terminal or command prompt and install the SDK:
    ```bash
    pip install alpaca-trade-api
    ```

## 2. (Optional) Sign Up for an Alpaca Account

1. **Go to Alpaca Website**: 
   - Visit [Alpaca Markets](https://alpaca.markets/) and click on **Sign Up**.

2. **Create Your Account**:
   - Fill in the required personal information (name, email, password) and click **Create Account**.
   
3. **Verify Your Email**:
   - After signing up, you will receive a verification email from Alpaca. Click on the link to verify your email address.

4. **Complete Account Information**:
   - Once you’ve verified your email, Alpaca will ask for additional information to complete your account setup. This is standard for brokerage accounts.
   - You may need to set up multi-factor authentication (MFA) with an Authenticator app or SMS.
   - You may need to provide your address, phone number, and identity verification information.

## 3. (Optional) Enable Paper Trading

1. **Go to the Paper Trading Section**:
   - Once your account is set up and verified, log in to your Alpaca account dashboard.
   - In the **dashboard**, locate and click on the **Paper Trading** section. Paper trading allows you to simulate trading with fake money without risking real funds.

2. **Enable Paper Trading**:
   - Toggle the **Enable Paper Trading** option if it’s not enabled by default.
   - You will receive a starting balance in your paper trading account.

## 4. Obtain Your API Keys

   - In the dashboard, go to **Your Account** > **API Keys**.
   - Generate API keys for **paper trading**. These include:
     - **API Key ID**: Used to identify your account.
     - **API Secret Key**: Used to authenticate your requests.
   - Store your **API Key ID** and **API Secret Key** securely. You’ll use these in your environment variables that Python scripts will use to access your Alpaca account.

## 5. Set Environment Variables

Set the following environment variables for your IB and vBase configuration:
   - Alpaca Configuration:
     - `ALPACA_API_KEY` - The Alpaca API Key.
     - `ALPACA_API_SECRET` - The Alpaca API Secret.
     - `ALPACA_API_BASE_URL` - Base URL for the Alpaca API:
       - https://paper-api.alpaca.markets for paper trading.
       - https://api.alpaca.markets for live trading.
   - AWS S3 Configuration (Optional if you save the portfolio data elsewhere):
     - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` - The Access Key used to connect to the S3 service.
     - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` - The Secret Key used to connect to the S3 service.
     - `AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME` - The AWS S3 bucket name used to store the portfolio data.
   - vBase Configuration:
     - `VBASE_FORWARDER_URL` - vBase Forwarder Service URL:
       - https://dev.api.vbase.com/forwarder/ for development/testnet.
       - https://api.vbase.com/forwarder/ for production.
     - `VBASE_API_KEY` - The vBase API Key used to access the Forwarder service.
     - `VBASE_COMMITMENT_SERVICE_PRIVATE_KEY` - The private key used to sign portfolio stamps.
     - `VBASE_DATASET_NAME` - The name of the vBase dataset that will hold the portfolio history.

## 6. Run the Sample

Run the sample from the command line:
   ```bash
   python3 stamp_alpaca_portfolio.py
   ```
or walk through the sample in an interactive window.

Commit message:

Updates to docs title and heading to work with docs build and publication

docs/stamp_alpaca_portfolio.md, after:

---
title: Stamp Alpaca Portfolio
---

<!-- omit in toc -->
# Stamp Alpaca Portfolio

This sample illustrates how to retrieve, save, and stamp an Alpaca portfolio.

The sample can be run from the command line interactively or as a script if your environment is set appropriately.

You can find the implementation in [`stamp_alpaca_portfolio.py`](https://github.com/validityBase/vbase-py-samples/blob/main/samples/stamp_alpaca_portfolio.py).

- [1. Prerequisites](#1-prerequisites)
- [2. (Optional) Sign Up for an Alpaca Account](#2-optional-sign-up-for-an-alpaca-account)
- [3. (Optional) Enable Paper Trading](#3-optional-enable-paper-trading)
- [4. Obtain Your API Keys](#4-obtain-your-api-keys)
- [5. Set Environment Variables](#5-set-environment-variables)
- [6. Run the Sample](#6-run-the-sample)

## 1. Prerequisites

1. **Alpaca Account**: You must have an Alpaca account (live or paper trading).
2. **Python**: Ensure Python is installed on your Windows machine.
3. **vBase**: Follow the [vBase Windows Guide](windows_guide.md) to set up Windows environment to run vBase samples.
4. **Alpaca Python SDK**: Alpaca provides a Python SDK to simplify accessing their API.
    To install the SDK, open your terminal or command prompt and install the SDK:
    ```bash
    pip install alpaca-trade-api
    ```

## 2. (Optional) Sign Up for an Alpaca Account

1. **Go to Alpaca Website**: 
   - Visit [Alpaca Markets](https://alpaca.markets/) and click on **Sign Up**.

2. **Create Your Account**:
   - Fill in the required personal information (name, email, password) and click **Create Account**.
   
3. **Verify Your Email**:
   - After signing up, you will receive a verification email from Alpaca. Click on the link to verify your email address.

4. **Complete Account Information**:
   - Once you’ve verified your email, Alpaca will ask for additional information to complete your account setup. This is standard for brokerage accounts.
   - You may need to set up multi-factor authentication (MFA) with an Authenticator app or SMS.
   - You may need to provide your address, phone number, and identity verification information.

## 3. (Optional) Enable Paper Trading

1. **Go to the Paper Trading Section**:
   - Once your account is set up and verified, log in to your Alpaca account dashboard.
   - In the **dashboard**, locate and click on the **Paper Trading** section. Paper trading allows you to simulate trading with fake money without risking real funds.

2. **Enable Paper Trading**:
   - Toggle the **Enable Paper Trading** option if it’s not enabled by default.
   - You will receive a starting balance in your paper trading account.

## 4. Obtain Your API Keys

   - In the dashboard, go to **Your Account** > **API Keys**.
   - Generate API keys for **paper trading**. These include:
     - **API Key ID**: Used to identify your account.
     - **API Secret Key**: Used to authenticate your requests.
   - Store your **API Key ID** and **API Secret Key** securely. You’ll use these in your environment variables that Python scripts will use to access your Alpaca account.

## 5. Set Environment Variables

Set the following environment variables for your IB and vBase configuration:
   - Alpaca Configuration:
     - `ALPACA_API_KEY` - The Alpaca API Key.
     - `ALPACA_API_SECRET` - The Alpaca API Secret.
     - `ALPACA_API_BASE_URL` - Base URL for the Alpaca API:
       - https://paper-api.alpaca.markets for paper trading.
       - https://api.alpaca.markets for live trading.
   - AWS S3 Configuration (Optional if you save the portfolio data elsewhere):
     - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` - The Access Key used to connect to the S3 service.
     - `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` - The Secret Key used to connect to the S3 service.
     - `AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME` - The AWS S3 bucket name used to store the portfolio data.
   - vBase Configuration:
     - `VBASE_FORWARDER_URL` - vBase Forwarder Service URL:
       - https://dev.api.vbase.com/forwarder/ for development/testnet.
       - https://api.vbase.com/forwarder/ for production.
     - `VBASE_API_KEY` - The vBase API Key used to access the Forwarder service.
     - `VBASE_COMMITMENT_SERVICE_PRIVATE_KEY` - The private key used to sign portfolio stamps.
     - `VBASE_DATASET_NAME` - The name of the vBase dataset that will hold the portfolio history.

## 6. Run the Sample

Run the sample from the command line:
   ```bash
   python3 stamp_alpaca_portfolio.py
   ```
or walk through the sample in an interactive window.
